Okay, we are actually coming up kind
of on the end of our tools here.
So I want to introduce some
content review tools that your
stakeholders can use to review content as
it comes in and as it gets turned around.
And then I think that we'll
talk about workflow briefly,
and then we'll have time for
questions, okay?
Is that all right?
All right, great.
So if you are going to stakeholders
with content that they need to review,
whether it is current state content
that they need to review to see
what changes need to be made.
If it is future state content that they
need to review before it goes to publish.
These are for, for example, attributes
that you might ask them to take a look at.
And this can appear in, here,
I'll show you wait, what is happening?
There we go.
And this can be delivered
in sort of a review sheet.
So the attributes that have been selected
here are audience, voice and tone,
clarity, and readability.
And when we talk about cell values,
this is essentially we're including it in
the content inventory,
asking them to review this content.
And we're giving them
a little drop down menu of,
tell us what you think about this content
right within the inventory, okay?
So the question that we wanna ask is, who
does the content appear to be written for?
And then they'll tell us,
this is what we're seeing in
the current state content, okay?
And then this is what you'll look for
as a content reviewer.
So let me give you an example
of how this looks.
So, Here are two different review tools.
One is for the subject matter experts that
we're asking to review source content.
And one is for actual writers and
editors that we're asking to review for
new content.
Okay, so
if you are, Let's see,
does anyone here actually have to go to
subject matter experts for source content?
No, okay, so
this might not be as relevant.
This is something to share with
your project managers, potentially,
because they are the ones typically
that have to go out and get the content.
So this might be a gift
that you give to them.
Where you say here are some tools for
you to go and talk to the subject matter
experts to see if the content that is
out there is valuable, useful or usable.
So that they're not just randomly
flipping through pages and going,
yep, we need to keep this,
yep, we need to keep this.
This way we have some informed
feedback on it, okay?